Update (#68)
OpenVoiceOS/community-docs: docs/arch_backend.md

# OpenVoiceOS Backends

> A backend is a service that provides your device with additional tools to function, these could range from managing your skill settings to configuring certain aspects of your device. The backend is optional and concidered to be advanced usage in OVOS.  By default, OVOS does not use a backend, and is totally unnecessasary for basic usage.  A local backend becomes usefull if you have several devices around the house and would like a central place to configure them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A backend is a service that provides your device with additional tools to function. These could range from managing your skill settings to configuring certain aspects of your device. The backend is optional and considered to be advanced usage in OVOS.  Users coming from Mycroft will find that this is the opposite of their approach.

By default, OVOS does not use a backend, and it is totally unnecessary for basic usage.  A local backend becomes useful if you have several devices around the house and would like a central place to configure them.
```

Author: unused file for now

> A backend is a service that provides your device with additional tools to function, these could range from managing your skill settings to configuring certain aspects of your device. The backend is optional and concidered to be advanced usage in OVOS.  By default, OVOS does not use a backend, and is totally unnecessasary for basic usage.  A local backend becomes usefull if you have several devices around the house and would like a central place to configure them.

Author: file not used yet

Available backends:

> - Offline: no backend all configuration local. This is the DEFAULT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Offline: no backend, all configuration performed locally. This is the **DEFAULT**.
```

Author: unused for now
